it's my project little SUV 2003 chevy
blazer extreme twenty twenty-two
thousand miles I'm not good with a
camera you guys and this is my cell
phone so I don't know how this is going
to turn out click walk around real quick
spin wrecked I put it all back together
that's why the hood is red cinders black
and one sucker the driver side lights
are shiny and new I had to replace this
got to get a new bumper the windshield
so i can get it inspected really wish i
had the money to fix it up the rest away
but cars got myself cool old alpine
stereo seven hundred dollars and a
pretty banging system show you that guys
that real quick I feel the nose oh no
one cheap system but it's pretty laughs
guy who read
Kim hold him her clutch her foster
pretty well steep system rattles like
that because the dude had it before me I
ended up to put in a good area wrong
yeah but that's my truck thank you for
watching tell me what you guys think so
I know what to do with it I know I need
to fix it up the rest of anga to paint
job so thank you for watching